email - Mark Suzman, Chief Executive Manager, Gates Foundation.


Rakesh Kukatla - Food, District, Worklist, Application, Communication tools I use.


Rakesh Kukatla <rakeshkelm@gmail.com> Mon, Dec 25, 2023 at 5:59 PM
To: MarkSuzman@gatesfoundation.org
Cc: ChristopherElias@gatesfoundation.org, ShanaTarbell@gatesfoundation.org
Bcc: SusanByrnes@gatesfoundation.org, VolunteerPartner@gatesfoundation.org, CharlotteBeall@discovergates.org


Sent via email Dated:
December 25, 2023 (from google Calendar aka engineer's).


Sent via email To:
MarkSuzman@gatesfoundation.org, Mark Suzman, Chief Executive Manager.


Sent via email Cc:
ChristopherElias@gatesfoundation.org, Christopher Elias, Chief
Development Manager.
ShanaTarbell@gatesfoundation.org, Shana Tarbell, Chief Operations Manager.


Sent via email Bcc:
SusanByrnes@gatesfoundation.org, Susan Byrnes, Chief Relations Manager.
VolunteerPartner@gatesfoundation.org, Volunteer Partner.
CharlotteBeall@discovergates.org, Charlotte Beall, Chief Discovery Manager.


Sent via email From:
rakeshkelm@gmail.com, Rakesh Kukatla, Founder class Planet backup,
Founder class Usa.


Please, forward To:
The above.


Sent via email Subject:
Rakesh Kukatla - Food, District, Worklist, Application, Communication
tools I use.


Sent via email Matter:
Hi Mark,


If you would like to connect with me, I am available (aka at your convenience).


Thank you, for fighting poverty (aka via Gates Foundation) around the
planet. Thank you, also for sharing your email address at the website
(aka https://www.gatesfoundation.org/about/leadership?division=Executive%20Leadership).
Thanks again, for receiving me at the website
(https://www.gatesfoundation.org/about/leadership?division=Executive%20Leadership).


Food:
I am at the food pantry in the district, multiple times a day and
every day. It is a great way to communicate with neighbors and
visitors to the district, in addition to fulfilling one's thirst and
hunger. Unfortunately, it is unavailable multiple times a day and
every day and does not satisfy one's development needs.


Just so, I can communicate with someone, if you are busy and/or
unavailable, at the Gates Foundation. It would be delightful if you are able to
introduce me to any friends and/or acquaintances you may have.
Please, feel free to share their profiles and/or email addresses with
me. I have a preference for Resident friends/acquaintances (aka fresh
graduates who are in residence training). I also have a gender
preference - female (aka who have identified in the past, continue to
identify in the present and have reasonable - more likely than not -
confidence on their identity in the future). It would be excellent to
be able to perform conflict of interest and compatibility checks.


District:
I am energized by new relations. I am especially interested in
active partners. At the present time, I am available as a
partner for fighting poverty as both an open and/or a closed
partner, in addition to other partner activities. I have a preference for
Resident and/or open partners and I am unopposed to closed partners. It
would be fantastic if you are able to introduce me to partners (aka
banks, charities, foundations) and others of interest, that you may
know of.


Worklist:
I have a worklist that needs a Civil advocate (aka Case manager) and a
Patient advocate (aka Care manager). It would be wonderful if you are
able to connect me with both the Care manager and the Case manager.


Application:
Thank you, so much for allowing me to complete the partner application
provided at the website
(https://submit.gatesfoundation.org/tsk/30227897/flup/242043497/e/).
Please, feel comfortable in responding to the submitted application
and my email.


Communications:
I use web applications for all my communications. A few are listed below. I am
also open to using ones you are comfortable with. It would be
marvelous if we can setup communications.


As always available, at your convenience.


Thank you,
Rakesh.
Founder class Planet backup, Founder class Usa.
Independent interest and Militia (Independently Joint, Independent and
Professional).
Status: Unlucky bastard.
Usa - Banana republican's (aka United whore's, aka Romani).
Usa = United slave america.
aka = also known as (in government language).


--
open endorsement USA - 2024, Write-in, yada Independent side, nada coup side.
For President (aka naturalized whore), Linus Torvalds, Founder Linux.
For Vice President (aka naturalized whore), Venky Harinarayan, Founder Junglee.
For Senate Leader (aka born as whore), Lawrence Page, Founder Alphabet
and Google.
For House Leader (aka born as whore), William Gates, Founder Gates
foundation and Microsoft.
Endorser, Rakesh Kukatla, Founder class Planet backup, Founder class Usa.
Quote:
"Software is eating the world", Marc Andressen, Founder Netscape.








--
-----
Smart Status
Unlucky (aka Bastard)
Single and Available


Smart Communication
Internet appliance (aka Trailer net)
git : aka fool
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
Cloud apps : Skype, Zoom, Teams and other
smart systems : netscape/chromium, linux/web, riscv/arm


Smart Information
Information appliance (aka Trailer content)
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm


Smart Location
Cottage (aka Trailer park)
7 Elm Street, Exurban New York-Binghamton, Kingdom of NY 13905.
Usa - Banana republican's (aka United whore's, aka Romani)
Usa = United slave america